I met a homeless man named Rich
He wasn't, isn't that terrible?
I saw a flyer for a lost dog and the dog didn't have any legs
I saw a diabetic kid trick or treating
I saw a woman who had twelve miscarriages buy a carton of eggs
I saw a giraffe who had a short neck
That was sad, or a deer
I saw an old man get hit by a train
He didn't see it in the pouring rain
He didn't hear me shout "look out for the train"
Cause I didn't say anything
I just thought to myself, "oh this is gonna be sad."
And it was. I'm a genius


I saw a man with only one eye... in a 3D movie
I saw a little boy drop his ice cream cone directly on his mother's corpse
I saw a kitten stuck in a tree then the kitten jumped off and he hung itself
I saw a boy who had red hair
I went to a store looking for something to buy
But they only sold paintings of the same sad guy
No, wait! This store sells mirrors!
See what I did there?
Let's rock!
No...


The world's so sad, Madison
Pain, war, genocide, racism, sexism
But I gotta remember there are good things about it too
Like the fact that none of that's happening to me! Score!
Still though, it's hard not to be sad about it
How do y'all do it?
I've been telling you terribly sad things this whole song, you haven't been sad at all
You've been happy. No, you’ve been laughing
That’s it, laughter, it’s the key to everything
It’s the way to solve all the sadness in the world
I mean, not for people who are actually sad, but for the people like us who’ve gotta fucking deal with ‘em all the time
Being a comedian isn’t being an insensitive prick capitalizing on the most animalistic impulses of the public, it’s being a hero!
The world isn’t sad. The world’s funny! I get it now! I'm a sociopath!

I saw an old man slip and fall, what a fucking idiot
I saw a woman at her daughter’s funeral
Hahaha! Classic comedy!
Everything that once was sad is somehow funny now
The Holocaust and 9/11?
That shit’s funny 24/7
'Cause tragedy will be exclusively joked about
Because my empathy is bumming me out
Goodbye sadness
Hello jokes
Thank you very much

This is Bo Burnham.
He's 22 years old.
He's a male, and he looks like the genetic product of a giraffe having sex with Ellen Degeneres.
He has a gigantic head and tiny nipples.
He's isolated himself over the last five years in the pursuit of comedy and, in doing so has lost touch with reality.
You're an asshole, Bo. You hear me?
You think you know better than me. You think you know better than everybody.
You will die alone, and you will deserve it.
But in the meantime you might as well tell those silly jokes of yours.
See if that helps.

You used to do comedy when you felt like being funny
But now you're contractually obligated
So dance you fucking monkey
Dance monkey dance!

Welcome to the show, this is Bo, this is his show, and Bo likes to dance like this
Welcome to the show, this is Bo, this is his show, and Bo takes off his pants like this

Play an invisible drum
Play an invisible trumpet [trumpet sound]
Drink some invisible water
Oh shit! That water's real!

Bo wants to make you feel comfortable
Bo wants to make you feel comfortable [random voice]
Bo wants to make you feel comfortable
So sit back, relax, and enjoy a healthy dose of

Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
(Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Prolonged eye contact (Prolonged eye contact)
Lick your lips to make it more comforting

Do you want to see a magic trick? (Yeah!)
Do you want to see a magic trick? (Yeah!)
Do you want to see a magic trick? (Yeah!)
Then pick a card any card-Psyche!

Magic isn't real, you idiot, read a book
Magic isn't real, you idiot, read a book
Magic isn't real, you idiot, read a book
Magic isn't real, or is it?

And at that moment, Bo's 20 year old cynicism melted into childlike wonder.
He never knew there could be so much magic in the world.
It's a world of possibilities Bo.
What do you want to do first? Run? Yeah sure you can run.
Fly? Well yeah you can fly.
What? What are yo-what the fuck are you do-what the fuck are you doing?
Stop, st-stop it. What the f-you fucking idiot, stop, stop, stop.

Anyways. In the distance Bo saw a beautiful fairy.
A fairy so beautiful that he felt proud about being called one in high school.
He then came across an old bridge with a troll standing guard.
Bo knew he'd have to answer a riddle to get by.
The troll spoke thus: 'Alright for the last time man I'm not a troll, I'm homeless. Ok, do you have any spare change? Ok that's a used napkin I don't want that. No no stop just you know what leave just leave please leave.'
And then as Bo arrived on the other side of the stage he saw a unicorn with five horns right in front of him.
And the pentacorn spoke thus: 'Hello Bo, I've been looking for you for quite a long t-ugh!'

He was safe, for now. But the dark thoughts would soon return.

It's Godzilla!

It's so hard to be a lizard
It's hard to be a lizard
Tiny arms, itchy gizzard
It's hard to be a lizard
But it's harder to segue

Is he skiing or is he in a gay porn?
Is he skiing (what) or is he in a gay porn?
Is he skiing (huh) or is he in a gay porn?
Here's a hint: he's in a gay porn

Ok Bo this miming shit is getting pretty annoying so give 'em the real thing

My voice is so fucking natural
It's naturally good
Naturally good
Naturally good

This is the end of the song and the beginning of the show
Welcome to the show

That lizard part was pretty fucking stupid

We're recording part of the CD tonight, and yeah, good to start off with eight minutes of mime jokes for the CD.

I want to start off with a joke for the fellas.
I don't feel like I connect with my men in the audience as well as I do with my prepubescent girls.
So where my fellas at? Fellas?
Yo fellas don't you hate it when you're sucking a guy's dick and he ends up being a faggot? Am I right!?
These fucking faggots with their tasty dicks!

Alright if you'd like to leave during the show the exit signs are marked clearly in red, sort of a orangish/reddish/fiery red so we'll be fucked if we need them, but we can see 'em now!

This show is called 'what.' and I hope there are some surprises, geez. I knocked the water over by accident.

He meant to knock the water over, yeah yeah yeah
But you all thought it was an accident
But he meant to knock the water over, yeah yeah yeah
Art is lie, nothing is real

So it's called 'what.' and it's about, hey cool it

He meant to knock the water over, yeah yeah yeah
But you all thought it was an

Just, take it off repeat, and it won't repeat.
This is the good thing, we can edit all this in the actual CD recording.

He meant to play the track again, yeah yeah yeah
But you all thought it was an accident
But he meant to play the water track again-gain-gain
Art's still a lie, nothing's still real

What's the deal with segues?
Food jokes, let's do some food jokes
How you guys doin' up in the nosebleeds, up top?
Yes, the nosebleeds where the cocaine is done.
I had a hotdog for breakfast, in Madison actually this morning.
And, yeah, afterwards I felt like this: whoa whoa
Because I couldn't control my stools. Alright, Jesus.
For the people listening, I moved the stool around a lot.
This is gonna get difficult.
But I'm glad you like poop-based puns, that'll be a majority of the show, so.

Never waste a moment
Every moment can become a comedy moment, see?

Thank you so much

Sluts, sluts, I fuck sluts.
Sluts get fucked when I fuck sluts.
No "if"s, "and"s and/or but's. I fuck sluts.
I fuck sluts. Nice girls are nice but no good for nut-sucking,
You'll need a serene night to green-light a butt fucking,
But that'll be easy with sleazy old slut fucking.
Boo to the nice girls. Praise be to slut fucking!
I have a list. A list? Yes, a list of all the sluts I've missed.
I've never fucked or sucked these sluts and thus my nuts are fucking pissed.
So when I fuck the lucky slut my nut removes her from the list.
Another dumb cum-bucket struck from my nut-sucking,
Suck it slut, slut fucking bucket list.


Sluts can be white, black, brown, pink, or almond.
They can be skinny with big tits or be skinny with small ones.
Sluts can be perky, preppy or posh with their brains and their clothes all shrunk from the wash.

I moved to Hollywood recently from Boston, where I grew up.
And I heard about these sort of wild Hollywood party nights that people would have.
And I didn't think they were true until I moved to Hollywood and I started having them.
Anyway, this is a song about a crazy night that happened a couple months ago.
It's called "What Did I Do Last Night?"

Yeah, yeah, yeah
What the fuck did I do last night?

I cried myself to sleep

It was a good one

I like the word poop, sorry!
Yeah we're getting edgy
I like the word poop cause when you say poop your mouth does the same motion your butthole does when it poops.
Poop!
Not my best, probably my worst

When did mother first describe gay sex to me?
Good question
I was eight years old, I have a joke for that
I was eight years old.
She sat me down at the dinner table, she was very mature about it.
She said do you know how much my father and I love each other?
I said of course you and dad love each other more than two people in the world could possibly love each other.
She said, well two men can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other.
Yeah, she said what happens when two men love each other like that, what they do is they take off all their clothes, ugh.
They get in the bed and they shit on the Bible!

So I don't really talk to her anymore

—Hello, patient 24602.
—I'm sorry—Hello, how are—.
—How are you feeling?
—Um, not great.
—Has the treatment been working?
—Uh, I don't think so, no.
—What are your remaining symptoms?
—I just—I internalize my feelings a lot. I have trouble articulating how I'm feeling to other people. I feel like I just—.
—So basically you're still a little bitch.
—Yes, very mature of you disembodied voice way up there.
—I was just joking, nigga.
—All right, you're not as safe in Wisconsin as you might think with that shit.
—I'm not human I can say whatever I want.
—Okay, just let's get to the point. What's wrong with me, please? Please.
—Your emotions and your logic are at war.
—OK.
—Your creativity and your analysis are at war. And most simply, your left and right brain are at war.
—My left and my—.
—To fix the problem we must separate them from each other.
—Sep—
—Splitting your neurological functions in 5... 4...
—Can we book an appointment or something?
—3...
—You just don't start counting down to major medical procedures.
—2... 1.
—This may hurt a bit.
—I don't even know what 'it' is.
—0.
—Just tell me what you're—.
—Isolation complete.
—This is Bo's Left Brain: objective, logical, cold, analytical, aware of patterns, aware of trends, he's efficient, and a prick.
This is Bo's Right Brain: subjective, creative, sensory, aware of feelings, aware of people, he's emotional, and an idiot
—That's your opinion. Just careful with opinions.
—Okay, boys, play nice.

I am the Left Brain, I am the Left Brain.
I work really hard 'til my inevitable death brain.
You got a job to do, you better do it right,
and the right way is with the left brain's might.

I like Oreos and pussy, yeah (yes, in that order)!
And I cried for at least an hour after watching "Toy Story 3". (Woody!)
I am the Right Brain, I have feelings.
I'm a little all over the place
But I'm lustful, trustful
and I'm looking for somebody to love...
Or put my penis in

Here comes a female, here comes a female.
Puff your chest out, take your phone and check your e-mail.
Our evolutionary purpose is repopulate.
So gather data now and see if she's a possible mate.

Holy fuck I think she might be the one,
there's something about her, I just can't describe it.

Tits.

I am the earth, she is the glorious sun.
I want her to trust me and I just want her to—how do I say this—sit on my face!
Sit! Sit on my face!

Alright now, Right Brain, you're being insane.

No, Left Brain, I'm just being alive.
You should try it,
you might like it.

I worked hard to give him everything he cared about.
You were worried about the things that he was scared about.
I'm calm and collected when you act wild.
I am the adult, you are the child.

You think you're the right one every time.
You think you know everything but you don't know anything at all.
Half of his problems were supposed to be mine.
But you wanted everything.
I hope that you're happy 'cause he's sure not.

—Well, according to my calculations. I'm sorry, let me run the numbers again, um, you're a pussy.
—Name calling? Really? You're gonna just do name calling?
—I'm not calling names, alright. I'm just stating facts and the fact is you're a quivering pussy.
—I'm the pussy? Well, at least I don't play with toys still, OK...
—Rubik's Cubes are not toys. They keep my spacial reasoning skills sharp.
—Left Brain plays with toys! Look at you, Mr... you're a toy player.
—Well, at least I did my fucking job, alright. I kept him working, I kept him productive. You were supposed to look after him. You were supposed to keep him emotionally stable through all this. Now you're trying to blame me for how he's feeling, how he's feeling! If he's feeling unhappy it's because you failed him. You did this to him, he hates you. I know he does. He fucking hates you!
—[*crying*]
—Right Brain, look, I'm sorry, okay?
—No, you're not.
—Look, maybe there's something that we could do together.
—Together?
—Take the best parts of both of us and put them together.
—I'm listening.

It would let you let your feelings out, it would let me analyze.
So you could man the themes; I'll man the form.
It's something that George Carlin did,
It's something that Steve Martin did.
It's something special that we could both perform.
Do you know what it is?

—Juggling, we could juggle, and juggle our cares away!
—It was... It was comedy, you, fuck it, we could do comedy together.

—Initiate reassembly.
—All right, Right Brain, we're gonna do comedy together, we gotta do comedy together.
—All right, Left Brain, I'll do comedy with you.
—Look, we can fix him like this—we can make him happy again. I promise, all right?
—5, 4, 3.
—Left Brain... Left Brain, I love you.
—2.
—I know.
—1. Experimentation complete.

This song's about how deep I am
I'm pretty fucking deep, guys
So deep that I named this song "Hashtag Deep"

Have you ever stopped
To watch a bluebird drop
From a tree and take to the air?
Me neither
Have you ever took time
Out to finish a rhyme
But the right words just weren't there?
Meat cleaver

The people in my life are like grains of sand
'Cause they stick together often near my butt hole

If life is an ocean,
I am a deep and handsome fish
A fish that's drowning

If the artistic process is a birth canal
Then I am a freshly jellied kid
Come witness my crowning

These thoughts of mine
Must be a sign that I'm...
Hashtag deep

If Jesus can walk on water, can he swim on land?
Probably not.
Have you ever accidentally peed
On the toilet seat
Instead of on your girlfriend's face?
Me neither. Me neither!
Have you ever wrote
A song note for note
And not a single note was out of place?
Duh
Hold on.

Have you ever taken a side of bacon and jacked off watching babe? Me neither! Me neither!
Have you ever seen a girl on Halloween that looks like she's dressed for a rape?
Yes, not her fault though you sick fucks

The people in my life are like blades of grass.
How?
'Cause they're all so grounded
But at least grass stays away from my butthole!

Art is a harlot
And I am her sassy urban friend
Mmm, bitch, why you being so selfish?
If momma is right and the world is my oyster
Then I must have an allergy to shell
You don't know
How could you know?

If life makes you wish you were dead
Just put on a good movie, then promptly put a bullet in your head
Spend forever asleep, 'cause life pales in comparison to living the dream
Hashtag deep

The books you think I wrote are way too thick.
Who needs a thousand metaphors to figure out you shouldn't be a dick?
And I don't watch you when you sleep.
Surprisingly I don't use my omnipotence to be a fucking creep

You're not going to heaven
Why the fuck would you think I'd ever kick it with you?
None of you are going to heaven
There's a trillion aliens cooler than you

You shouldn't abstain from rape just 'cause you think that I want you to
You shouldn't rape 'cause rape is a fucked up thing to do
(Pretty obvious, just don't fucking rape people, please, didn't think I had to write that one down for you)

I don't think masturbation is obscene
It's absolutely natural and the weirdest fucking thing I've ever seen
You make my job a living hell; I sent gays to fix overpopulation
And, boy, did that go well

You're not going to heaven
Eat a thousand crackers
Sing a million hymns
None of you are going to heaven
You're not my children
You're a bad game of Sims

You shouldn't abstain from pork just 'cause you think that I want you to
You can eat pork 'cause why the fuck would I give a shit?
(I created the universe, think I'd draw the line at the fucking deli aisle?)

You argue and you bicker and you fight
Atheists and Catholics, Jews and Hindus argue day and night
Over what they think is true
But no one entertains the thought that maybe God does not believe in you

You pray so badly for heaven
Knowing any day might be the day that you die
But maybe life on earth could be heaven
Doesn't just the thought of it make it worth a try?

My love's the type of thing that you have to earn
And when you earn it you won't need it

I'm not gonna give you love just 'cause I know that you want me to
If you want love then the love's gotta come from you
But other sluts are pretty and funny and smart.
These sluts can lift all your thoughts from your dick to your heart.
They can talk about science, music, or art.
They can put you together or they can pull you apart.
But don't trust these sluts, don't, don't you dare.
They'll force you to trust them and love them and care.
And then they'll be gone and then you'll be aware
Of that hole in your heart that that dumb slut left there.

Once upon a time, there was a frog named Andy.
Andy lived at the Patten Park Pond and had never hopped anywhere else his entire frog life.
He had 3 best friends. 
Millie- who never left her lily pad, Billie- who was always hopping mad, and Roger- who was arrested for possession of tadpole porn.
So one day, Andy saw something hop across the grass on the other side of the pond!
"Millie, Billie, Roger, look!" said Andy.
Across the pond stood the most beautiful frog that Andy had ever seen. 
"She's gorgeous!" said Millie.
"She's beautiful!" said Billie.
"BIT OLD FOR MY TASTE." said Roger.
(Classic Roger.)
And then she was gone.
"I need to go find her," said Andy, "I need to follow my little frog heart."
So Andy followed the beautiful frogs footsteps into the forest. 
He then came across a turtle. 
"You can't pass!" said the turtle.
"Please?" said Andy.
"NO." said the turtle.
(and uh, this is the first long, convoluted simile.)
Then, there was a rustling in the bushes, and like a man who had been shot in the chest with a rifle, the turtle was shot in the chest with a rifle.
Andy kept moving, but at this point, like the doctor of a Kenyan track team, his patience ran thin.
Andy kept moving.
He then came across a giant crocodile, and the crocodile began to chant:
"I woke up this morning and I sat on a log, I opened up the menu and the menu said frog!"
Andy said, "NO! No, please let go of me, I can feel myself dying, you're ripping up my insides, I'm never gonna find her am I, there's no god is there, fuck, fuck!"
The End.
(If you're curious the moral of that story is irrelevant because we're humans, and it was about a.. why would it apply to us?)

Love songs used to be so beautiful

"Let us go then, you and I, when the evening is spread out against the sky like a patient etherized upon a table."
T.S. Elliot

Nowadays, thanks to corporately-owned pop stars
Love songs are even more beautiful.
How beautiful are today's love songs?
I'll show you.

I love your hair
I love your name
I love the way you say it
I love your heart
And you're so smart,
'cause you gave away it
I love your sis'
I love your dad
I love your mum
But more than all of that
I love the fact that you are dumb enough (swag)
To not realize everything I've said has been said before
In a thousand ways in a thousand songs,
Some with the same four chords
But you'll still love it,
Let me finger you
Finger you
Yeah, finger you
Finger you

Oh, girl, I hope you don't think that I'm rude
When I tell you that I love you, boo
I also hope that you don't see through
This cleverly constructed ruse
Designed by a marketing team
Cashing in on puberty and low self-esteem
And girls' desperate need to feel loved
Please, love me

America says we love a chorus
But don't get complicated and bore us
Though meaning might be missin'
We need to know the words after just one listen
So,
Repeat stuff [8x]

I love my baby and you know I couldn't live without her
But now I need to make every girl think this song's about her
Just to make sure that they spread it like the plague
So, I describe my dream girl as really really vague, like...

"I love your hands 'cause your fingerprints are like no other
I love your eyes and their blueish brownish greenish color
I love it when you smile, that you smile wide
And I love how your torso has an arm on either side."

Now, if you're my agent you might be thinking, "Oh no, sound the alarms.
You're not appealing to little girls who don't have arms."
But they can't use iTunes, so, fuck 'em 
Who needs 'em?

Oh, girl, I hope you don't think that I'm rude
—I am a servant of darkness
When I tell you that I love you, boo
—I am the void
I also hope that you don't see through
—The rivers shall run red
This cleverly constructed ruse
—with the blood of virgins
—I take many shapes
Designed by a marketing team
—This is one of them
Cashing in on puberty and low self-esteem
—The strong will be made weak,
And girls' desperate need to feel loved 
—and the weak shall bow before me
—Swag

America says we love a chorus
But don't get complicated and bore us
Though meaning might be missin'
We need to know the words after just one listen
So,
Repeat stuff 

Repeat stuff 

Yes, repeat it! Repeat it 'til the day you die!

I'm in magazines
Full of model teens,
So far above you
So, read them and hate yourself,
And pay me to tell you I love you

And your parents will always come along,

Thank you so much, I think that I probably should've, uh, ended it on a higher note
A big ending or whatever, but, uh...it's been "what.", I hope you enjoyed it-

Bo, oh my god
How are you? I haven't seen you since, like, Freshman year, oh my God!
You were so, like, skinny and weird back then, um...
But now you're, um...
Anyway, um, you should totally come to this party I'm having tonight with a bunch of my college friends
Um, it's gonna be off the chain-hook, it's gonna be so good
You can play some songs for us or something
Um, I've been telling everybody how good of friends we were, um, back in the day
Um, I know we never talked or hung out ever, but um...
I think that's what made our friendship so special, and, um...
Anyway, text me! Okay, bye

Mister Burnham
How ya doin', good? Good
Uh, I'm a, uh, I'm an agent from out in Los Angeles
Uh, really dig your stuff man, it's out there, you know, I totally get it
Uh, and the best part about it, man, you've got all these young fans, uh, and
Which is great, because young people, they're...
They're very passionate, and they're very, uh, they're very reliable consumers
But what you've gotta do to take your career to the next level?
You've gotta cater more heavily to them, alright?
We've done studies, young people do not respond to this...
You know, "introspective" material, or these "challenges-to-the-form", you know...
Young people want jokes they can relate to, okay?
So...write a...write a silly song about Facebook, you know?
Write some jokes about Twitter, or...or sugary cereals, or...razor scooters
Relate to them!
You know, also, you've gotta reestablish your presence on the internet, buddy
Alright, it's not important whether your material's "good" or not
What's important is that you keep the Bo Burnham brand alive and well
Ya get it?
But we'll discuss more later, I know it's a lot
Uhh, my number is, uh, 310-555-...uhh, [mumbling] "imaginary number"

Fag!
What up, dude, what's up, how are ya man?
You've changed, bro. You've changed
I never knew you, but, um
My friend's old roommate's friend said he knew you in high school and you became a real asshole once all this "comedy" stuff started happening
What, what is it man? You think you're better than us?
You think you're better than us just cause you're tall?
Whoa, congrats man, you're tall!
Wow, it's incredible! What, you want a trophy for being tall?
You wanna...we should just give trophies to tall things
And every tree and building will have a trophy
That make sense?
Yo, why you acting all quiet and weird right now?
Yo I know why you are, it's cause you're an arrogant prick, that's why
An arrogant fuckin' prick
I once heard that you actually act quiet cause you're shy and introverted in real life
And that people shouldn't expect you to act the same way offstage as you do onstage [laughs]
Yeah...yeah, it makes no sense
Anyway, you wanna buy some weed?

Bo, oh my god!
Bo, oh my god!
Bo
Bo
Bo
Bo
Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo
Bo, oh my god!
Mister Burnham
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo, oh my god!
Mister Burnham
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo, oh my god!
Mister Burnham
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo, oh my god!
Mister Burnham
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo, oh my god!
Mister (Fag!)
Mister, Mister (Fag!)
Bo, oh my god!
Mister (Fag!)
Mister, Mister (Fag!)
Bo (Fag!), oh my god! (Fag!)
Mi-mi- (Fag!) mi-mi- (Fag!)
Mister Burnham
Bo (Fag!), oh my god! (Fag)
Mi-mi- (Fag!) mi-mi- (Fag!)
Mi-mi- (Fag!) mi-mi- (Fag!)
Mi-mi- (Fag!) mi-mi- (Fag!)
I am Satan, Lord of Darkness!
Bo (Fag!), oh my god! (Fag!)
Mister Burnham (Fag!)
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo (Fag!), oh my God!
[crickets]
Fag!
Bo (Fag!), oh my god! (Fag!)
Mister Burnham (Fag!)
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Bo (Fag!), oh my god! (Fag!)
Mister Burnham (Fag!)
Bo, Bo (Fag!)
Uh, uh!
Hey!
Uh, uh!
Hey!
...what the Hell?
Uh, uh!
Hey!
Uh, uh!
Hey!
You're not gonna hit the girl? That's sexist!
Fa-fa-f-f-f-f-fa-fag!
Mister, m-m-m-m-mister
Bo-Bo!
We think you've changed, bro
We know best
You suck!
We think you've changed, bro
We know best
You suck!

We think
We know
You
[x35]

Mister
Mister
Mister
Mister

Bo, oh my God
Bo, oh my God

Bo, oh my God
Bo, oh my God
Bo, oh my God (fag, fag)
Bo (fag, fag), oh my God (fag, fag)
Bo (fag, fag), oh my God (fag, fag)
Fag (Bo! Bo!)
Fag (Bo! Bo!)
Fag (Bo! Bo!)

Mister Burnham

Thank you Madison, goodnight, thank you, I hope you liked it, thank you
Thank you for being a part of this, thank you

Because their little girl is in love
And how could love be wrong?
How could love be wrong?
When you
Repeat stuff 

We know it's not right,
We know it's not funny
But we'll stop beating this dead horse
When it stops spitting out money

But until then we will repeat stuff

Fuck the rules
Fuck the game
Fuck you tools
Fuck you're lame
If giving a fuck means sucking up then fuck it, fuck the fame
A bit unstable, fuck you brain
A bit like Abel, fuck you Cain
Dumb little fuck, if I'm fucking something up then fuck my name

Fuck the politicians
Fuck missionary missions
Fuck beauty competitions
Fuck bigoted traditions
I fucking hate that shit I do
And if you don't fuck it, fuck you too,
Couldn't give a fuck who I'm talking to
Fucking who? Fuck you dude.
Fuck how I'm regarded,
Or if I get bombarded
By sick creationists
Who are borderline retarded

Yeah, fuck me for my hard works, fuck another R-word, fuck me for my hard work that got me into Harvard
Man fuck it, fuck my past, fuck the time fuck it fast
If you think I'm fucking with you then you're fucking with your fucking last

God bless you common cold, fuck the pope, fucking old, if he loved the poor than he would have sold his mansion made of solid gold

So fuck him, yeah, fuck it, fuck him, I said it, fuck it, fuck him, gonna save the deacons, preachers, all them geezers, fucking fuck it,
Fuck the fashion scene it is so fucking obscene, it will take a poor fat teen chick and make her turn bulimic

Fuck the shit that I came for
And fuck the shit that I paid for
And the rappers that made a name for
Calling for a race war
Now go out and pimp their rides, buy, accessorize, and turn ten thousand bright eyes to the company run by the white guys

You suck, you fucking suck, you suck so much you suck, fuck, if I sucked as much as you I'd motherfucking shut it up,
You suck, you fucking suck it, so fucking shut it, drop the beat, then pick it up like Mr. Bucket.

You've got sticks and stones to turn to
But I've got words to hurt you
So save your bullets 'cause you're fucked (totally fucked)
You've got sticks and stones to turn to
But I've got words to hurt you
So save your bullets 'cause you're fucked

You're fucked
(so fuck it, so so so so fuh so so so so fuck it)

You think you're clever? You're fucked!
You think you're better? You're fucked!
If you've been better for forever, but whatever, you're fucked!
So, tell me never, you're fucked!
And tell whoever you're fucked!
And do whatever, say whatever, 'cause whatever, you're fucked!

You think you're clever? You're fucked!
You think you're better? You're fucked!
If you've been better for forever, but whatever, you're fucked!
So, tell me never, you're fucked!
And tell whoever you're fucked!
And say whatever, do whatever, 'cause whatever
You're fucked

So fucked
You're fucked

Totally fucked

I'm a faggot, I'm a retard, I got a girl's bag, and a V-card.
I got three friends and a whack ass ride,
You can judge by the cover 'cause it's shitty on the inside.
No girls wanna fuck me, trust me.
I don't give a fuck, don't adjust me,
Just please shut your face hole, for just one second.
"Fuck you faggot, you're so fucking dumb."
Dumb, I'm the dumb one?
Calm down, Bo, just count to ten. Um...
One, two, three, whore-I mean four-shit, three, four, five, bitch-I mean six-shit.
I quit, I got no patience, you won, I'll face it.
Your life peaks at graduation, well, congratu-fucking-lations.

(Nerds)
The faggots, the spastic fat chicks
Who sit in the back with no one to do their lab with the,
(Nerds)
Kid with acne and tons of Proactive packed inside his backpack.
I got your back, kid.

And do you know why, kid, I can rap so mean?
'Cause I was reading while you were fucking the prom queen.
Huddled up reading, no lacrosse team.
"Huddle up, huddle up"
What? You lost me.
Sorry, bro. Did I interrupt thee? circle a' jerks all circle-jerking.
I need savin'? No, fuck no.
Quote the raven? No, fuck Poe.
Ah, shit, I'm bitchin, listenin'.

They don't know what they're missing.
For instance, I like poetry, I like instruments.
Maybe we have similar interests?
But it's no fall balls, no balls fall.
Just sit and scrawl at the stall walls.
At three p.m., I pause.
That shit sounds like applause.

(Nerds)
The faggots, the spastic fat chicks
Who sit in the back with no one to do their lab with the,
(Nerds)
Kid with acne and tons of Proactive packed inside his backpack.
I got your back, kid.

(Nerds)
The faggots, the spastic fat chicks
Who sit in the back with no one to do their lab with the,
(Nerds)
Kid with acne and tons of Proactive packed inside his backpack,
I, I got your back, back, back...

She stood in line and got cut.
Tried out, got cut.
Loved art, but the budget got cut.
Then, she got numb, and she only felt when she knelt and cut.

(Nerds
Nerds
Nerds
Nerds)

(Nerds)
The faggots, the spastic fat chicks
Who sit in the back with no one to do their lab with the,
(Nerds)
Kid with acne and tons of Proactive packed inside his backpack.
I got your back, kid.

I know it's bad, kid.
I got your back, kid.

Tonight at 10
The world is ending again
And we know why and when
So you better watch
We got a bit with some feminist chick
And also a picture of a starlet's crotch!
Two people died, a double homicide
Their bodies found inside
Of a wishing well
And we tackle the flaws
In these obesity laws
In this segment that's sponsored
By Taco Bell

We've got violence, danger, sex, and drugs
And it's awesome cause all of it's real!
We do the illusion of news and while you think you're choosing the views
That you feel...
All of this and more and live
Only on the Channel 5 News!
Only on the Channel 5 News!

We've got Chip Walker, live at the scene, with breaking news! Chip are you there?

Chip Walker here
Am I coming in clear?
I'm standing near
To the scene of the crime
This Iraqi guy's shop
Seemed a newsworthy spot
So we've been gathering shots here for quite some time
Today, real fast
The owner's daughter passed
We grabbed a shot of her ass
While the owner was near
Then he struck my chest
And now he's under arrest
And now you people have one less
Man to fear

This family's angry, crying, sad, and lost
And it's awesome, cause all of it's real!
I do the illusion of news and while you think you're choosing the views that you feel...
More as this develops live
Only on the Channel 5 News!

We go now to Max Stevens, with the weather for the weekend
What are we looking at here, Max: umbrellas or picnic baskets?
Max? Max?!
We're experiencing technical difficulties, please stand by
Alright, we got a signal. Cut to Max

Good evening, hi
It's your weather guy
I advise you to buy
Another lightning rod
We didn't catch
This impending disaster
Maybe it's natural, maybe it's God
The sliding mud
The incoming flood
Will never wash the blood
From my greedy old hands!
This job was fun, I had a pretty good run
But I've never been one to give in to demands!
People are angry, crying, sad, and lost
And it's awful cause all of it's real!
We do the illusion of news and while you think you're choosing the views that you feel...
All of this and more and live
Only on the Channel 5
Only on the Channel 5
Only-only-on

We've had a hell of a ride
But you thought we were riding to heaven, well
I motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

Hey man
Sup bro
You hear about Bo, dude
Yeah, the kid sucks
Yeah, he sucks man
Kids trying to rap he was in theater in high school
Whoa, whoa, whoa, yo is that him
Huh what
Yo is that him
Holy shi...
Oh fuck this motherfucker scares me, I can't do this shit
Shut up
I can't fucking do this shit
Dude, just shut up!

Photosynthetical, I want 'em botanical
And I'm kind of theoretical (What)
Quantum mechanical (What)
Alphabetical, a word puritanical
Not a hypothetical
I rule tyrannical
Tyrannical-saurus-rex
Fuck the system
Solar plexus
A lone star Texas, yeah
Too smart to be sexist, hey
Slow it down; the shit's too quick
Fuck it. Stick with it
The kid is too sick to quit
Haters, suck my dick
Handle the candle, lick the wick
No, stop. You're better than that
C'mon, "mail" definition, there's a letter in that
Spell "male" then repeat the second letter in that
A.A. If you got a girl, don't let her in that
I said I've got a green light, Jay Gatsby
You know leaking's just for maxi
So leak my tracks, they're tax-free
And that's the way it should be if you ask me
Take this music
Choose it, use it, fuse it
Abuse it, lose it
If some of you like it, sweet
But if it's just me, then B, let's ride the beat
Fuck it, get a bucket
My stomach is gonna upchuck
Texas ranger, no walker, get up, Chuck
Pixar's dicks are slick 'cause they fucked up
What a fucked up stuck up suck up
Say this shit is crap, scoff
Write me off as some white kid tryin' to rap
Because I'm willing to quit
Just kidding, the kid'll keep killing this shit oh

We've had a hell of a ride
But you thought we were riding to heaven, well
I motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

We've had a hell of a ride
But you thought we were riding to heaven, well
I motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

Lyrical acrobat
Listen, empirical mathematician, the miracle aftermath
Is it part due to the fact the rap's elastic addict act is missin'
Too smart to be dismissed, hey
Miss Heart meet Mr. Fist
Kids can't cut it so they try a wrist, shit
You got nothin' on me, I'm a nihilist
Come on, Bo, flow
Blow like the wind go
Flow like the wind blow
Blowin' out the window
Amnesty, amnesia, I remember a window in Indonesia
Pleased to meet ya
I don't believe in Jesus
Jesus please don't sneeze your Cheez-Its
Please it's just what I believe
It's not Jesus. It's Cheez-Its, right?
Not like the Jeremiah Wright guy
Rhyme too tight, and it's makin' you fight
My skin Lite Brite
Like at night what you write by
Lord of the Rings, man, I'm the Tolkien white guy
Too dense, gotta rewind it
Hate my brain, but too sane to mind it
The meaning's there, but as a rule of thumb
Just hum if you're too dumb to find it

We've had a hell of a ride
But you thought we were riding to heaven, well
I motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

We've had a hell of a ride
But you thought we were riding to heaven, well
I motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

We had a hell of a ride
But I thought we were riding to heaven, heaven
You motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

We had a hell of a ride
But I thought we were riding to heaven, heaven
You motherfucking lied
So crank that funky shit to eleven

You think I'm joking? (we had a hell of a ride)
Well then you don't know me (but I thought)
You don't, you don't, you don't know me at all (thought we were riding to heaven)

You think I'm joking? (well you lied)
Well then you don't know me (I'm a lie, I'm a lie)
You don't, you don't, you don't know me at all (I'm alive, I'm alive)
